---
layout: post
title: Week 2 in Object Oriented Programming
---

### What did I do this past week?

This week was my first week being in the class and it is a definitely a different experience than it is from other classes, in a good way though. So far it's been a lot more focused on the tools and language that we will be using over the semester and I feel like that's a lot more helpful from an industry standpoint. Over this past week, we went over different ways to approach the project and more into the C++ language, covering pointers, references and exceptions.

### What's in my way?

There's not much in my way right now besides a time management issue. There's already a lot of work being given out in this class as well as in my other classes and I need to find a way to juggle all that. Not to mention that recruiting for summer internships has already started and I need to get everything in order for that. With all of that going on, I don't want to burn myself out either.

### What will I do next week?

Next week I better finish up the project and get it in since the due date is on Thursday but it's looking like I'll make the due date on time. I'll need to catch up in my other classes as well. Aside from that, I need to start preparing for the career fair as well. There's not much that I need to do to prepare for that but I don't want to wait until the last minute so I'll start early this upcoming week.

### Tip of the week

For those of you using Atom as a text editor, you should get the linter package to make your life a hell of a lot easier when you're coding. The linter package provides functionality to Atom to check for styling and syntax errors as you are writing code. So instead of having to save and compile a bunch of different times to find all the syntax errors in your code, you can see where they are as you code. The linter package for Atom is just a base linter though, and you'll need to install language specific packages alongside linter.
