---
layout: post
title: Week 3 in Object Oriented Programming
---

### What did I do this past week?

This last week, in class we talked about pointers and references in C++. I didn't have real good knowledge with C++ before, but I always thought that pointers and references were basically the same thing. It's easy to see the differences between the two and how useful each one is. We went over the different types in C++ and their sizes in bytes and we also talked about structs, unions, and classes too. I was familiar with structs and unions from learning C, but having classes in C++ makes it a lot more useful.

Last week, I also finished up the first project and got it in. It was a little hectic as the due date was coming with Travis changing its structure and making sure that I took care of everything in the acceptance criteria. I got it finished though and it felt good to have it done.

### What's in my way?

Nothing's really in my way right now besides getting ready for recruiting stuff, hopefully it stays that way.

### What will I do next week?

This next week, I'll catch up on the reading and finish my work for other classes so I can get ahead and give myself some time to prepare for the career fair. I'm hoping to start early on the next project as well and find someone to pair up with.

### Tip of the week

With the recruiting season arriving, there's so many companies to apply for and there's always some that I miss out on just because I had no knowledge of them. I found a website at [www.intern.supply](http://www.intern.supply) that provides a pretty extensive list of companies that are hiring interns. It also provides links directly to their applications so you don't have to search each one. There are also suggestions for resources that are beneficial to interviewing. Overall, I've found it to be a great resource in just becoming more efficient with applying since I don't have that much time to do research on all the companies hiring interns and I'm sure that it would benefit anybody looking to save time on applying.
